PL 80711 release notes (#3342)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/whats-new.md

## Latest: September 19, 2023

### Harness Platform, version 80711

> -  The delegate Helm chart is now included in the delegate proxy configuration. You can pull the Helm chart from `https://<YOUR_LOADBALANCERURL>/storage/harness-download/delegate-helm-chart/`. (PL-39190)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  The delegate Helm chart is now included in the delegate proxy configuration. You can pull the Helm chart from `https://<YOUR_LOAD_BALANCER_URL>/storage/harness-download/delegate-helm-chart/`. (PL-39190)
```

Reviewer 2: Will include this change in my commit to move the item from new features to fixed issues.
